This folder should only contain code written by or approved by Bryce, the big brain. When writing your own code, make sure you
    save it into your folder. You should never change the official cod in the SkyStone folder, unless you are
    given permission to do so. If you would like to change any of the code from any of the other folders, written
    by anyone else, you must first copy it into your own folder. Instructions on how to do so are given on the read me
    section on the main GitHub page.


Awaiting_Approval folder:
    Any code copied to this folder should be names using the following format
        ex.  Your First Name__ The Name of Your Program

        Remember that the name of a program may not contain any spaces, use underscores instead


Once you have finished writing you code and want to get it approved, copy it into the Awaiting_Approval folder. The lead
    programmer will view your code and decide if it will make it into the official code or not.


You may also put code into the Community folder. Any code put into this folder is fair game between all programmers. You may
    change this code in any way you want directly on the file. You do not have to copy the program. Do not post code here if
    you don't want other people to mess with it.


You may also use any of the code located in the Team_Resources folder. This folder contains code that could be useful when
    learning. This can range from basic motion to advanced computer vision and decision. If you would like to add a program
    to this folder, copy it to the Awaiting_Approval folder with a comment at the top indicating so.





If you are caught messing with the other programmers code you will be punished how ever the team deems necessary. Editing
    other peoples' code directly in their folder is not tolerated, unless you have been given permission by the programmer
    who wrote it. Doing so will lead to your immediate removal from the programming team. This also applies for anyone who
    changes and/or ruins the official team code.